Publish your app
Publish to domain
Available
archivist-loreable99
.replit.app
Who can access your app
Stripe connection
Connect your live Stripe account
Claim your sandbox
2
Find your live keys
What is a live Stripe account?
A Stripe live account is one that has been activated and verified using your business details.
How do I find my live keys?
1. Navigate to your live account. You can find a list of all your accounts in your Stripe dashboard by clicking on the drop down in the top left.
2. From the bottom left, click "Developers" > "API Keys"
3. Reveal your live keys or create new ones. For step-by-step instructions on creating new keys, see Create a secret API key.
3
Copy and paste live keys from Stripe
Engagement tools
Enable feedback widget
Add a feedback widget to the corner of your published app. Review submissions in your inbox and send to Agent for fixes. Available for web-based apps only.

"Made with Replit" badge
Display a "Made with Replit" referral badge on your published app, when someone signs up using your referral link, you earn credits. Learn more.

Adjust settings
Manually configure machine settings, secrets, build commands, ports, and more.
Deployment type
Technology used to publish your app. Learn more

Reserved VM
Ensures high uptime, minimizing disruptions for apps requiring persistent session data.
Machine configuration
The power of the servers running your app

0.5 vCPU / 2 GiB RAM
$20
per month
($0.028/hour)
Build command
Optional
Compiles your app before it deploys
npm run build
Run command
Starts your app after it deploys
node ./dist/index.cjs
App type
Configure your app based on whether it needs to serve traffic from the web.

Security scan before publishing
Beta
We always run a security scan before publishing. This setting controls whether publishing is blocked when critical vulnerabilities are found. Some high-risk issues may still block publishing. Learn more

Configure how your production database is created and populated when you publish. Learn more
An existing production database from a previous published app was found. Delete the existing database via the settings tab in the Database pane and create a new one.
Create production database
What does publishing do?
Publishing your app makes it available for anyone to use
Your friends and users around the world can visit your app through your primary URL.
Costs are included in Core subscriptions
Costs vary depending on the type of technology used to publish your app.
